README.md, before:

### :bookmark: Programming and CS resources that we should read

#### Base
- [Introduction to Algorithms, Third Edition](http://www.google.com/search?q=mit%20introduction%20to%20algorithms%203rd%20edition%20pdf) If you want a Computer Science background this is your bible

- [Computer Science in Javascript](https://github.com/nzakas/computer-science-in-javascript) Collection of classic computer science paradigms, algorithms, and approaches written in JavaScript

- [Teach Yourself Shell Programming in 24 Hours](http://www.google.com/search?q=Teach+Yourself+Shell+Programming+in+24+Hours) After you get used to writing scripts, you will find yourself solving more and more problems with them

- [Imperative vs Declarative Programming](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/imperative-vs-declarative-programming-283e96bf8aea#.gppmlv98s) *(for humans)*
- **Functional programming**:
  - [Functional programming in JavaScript](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0zVEGEvSaeEd9hlmCXrk5yUyqUag-n84) \[videos\] ( Mattias Petter Johansson ) 
  - [mostly-adequate-guide](https://www.gitbook.com/book/drboolean/mostly-adequate-guide/details) 
- **Reactive programming**:
  - [The introduction to Reactive Programming you've been missing](https://gist.github.com/staltz/868e7e9bc2a7b8c1f754) 

#### Web resources
- [You Don't Know JS (book series)](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)
- [Eloquent JavaScript](http://eloquentjavascript.net/)
- [Sams Teach Yourself PHP, MySQL and Apache All in One](http://www.google.com/search?q=sams+php)
- [Node.js for PHP Developers](http://www.google.com/search?q=node%20js%20for%20php%20developers)


#### :fire: Daily use
- [30 CSS Selectors You Must Memorize](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/the-30-css-selectors-you-must-memorize--net-16048)

#### Awesome posts || videos || talks
- [How JavaScript Timers Work](http://ejohn.org/blog/how-javascript-timers-work/) ( John Resig )
- [Understanding JavaScript Prototypes](https://javascriptweblog.wordpress.com/2010/06/07/understanding-javascript-prototypes/) ( Angus Croll )

#### :neckbeard: Advanced
- [Pragmatic programmer: from journeyman to master](http://www.google.com/search?q=pragmatic+programmer)

Commit message:

add Philip Roberts: What the heck is the event loop anyway?

README.md, after:

### :bookmark: Programming and CS resources that we should read

#### Base
- [Introduction to Algorithms, Third Edition](http://www.google.com/search?q=mit%20introduction%20to%20algorithms%203rd%20edition%20pdf) If you want a Computer Science background this is your bible

- [Computer Science in Javascript](https://github.com/nzakas/computer-science-in-javascript) Collection of classic computer science paradigms, algorithms, and approaches written in JavaScript

- [Teach Yourself Shell Programming in 24 Hours](http://www.google.com/search?q=Teach+Yourself+Shell+Programming+in+24+Hours) After you get used to writing scripts, you will find yourself solving more and more problems with them

- [Imperative vs Declarative Programming](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/imperative-vs-declarative-programming-283e96bf8aea#.gppmlv98s) *(for humans)*
- **Functional programming**:
  - [Functional programming in JavaScript](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0zVEGEvSaeEd9hlmCXrk5yUyqUag-n84) \[videos\] ( Mattias Petter Johansson ) 
  - [mostly-adequate-guide](https://www.gitbook.com/book/drboolean/mostly-adequate-guide/details) 
- **Reactive programming**:
  - [The introduction to Reactive Programming you've been missing](https://gist.github.com/staltz/868e7e9bc2a7b8c1f754) 

#### Web resources
- [You Don't Know JS (book series)](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)
- [Eloquent JavaScript](http://eloquentjavascript.net/)
- [Sams Teach Yourself PHP, MySQL and Apache All in One](http://www.google.com/search?q=sams+php)
- [Node.js for PHP Developers](http://www.google.com/search?q=node%20js%20for%20php%20developers)


#### :fire: Daily use
- [30 CSS Selectors You Must Memorize](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/the-30-css-selectors-you-must-memorize--net-16048)

#### Awesome posts || videos || talks
- [How JavaScript Timers Work](http://ejohn.org/blog/how-javascript-timers-work/) ( John Resig )
- [Understanding JavaScript Prototypes](https://javascriptweblog.wordpress.com/2010/06/07/understanding-javascript-prototypes/) ( Angus Croll )
- [Philip Roberts: What the heck is the event loop anyway? | JSConf EU 2014](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aGhZQkoFbQ) [video]

#### :neckbeard: Advanced
- [Pragmatic programmer: from journeyman to master](http://www.google.com/search?q=pragmatic+programmer)
